OKTA-838336 Update OIN SAML limitations (#5229)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/submit-app-prereq/main/index.md

* SAML integrations must use SHA256 encryption for security. If you're using SHA-1 for encryption, see our guide on how to [Upgrade SAML Apps to SHA256](/docs/guides/updating-saml-cert/).

* You can only submit SAML 2.0 integrations in the [OIN Wizard](/docs/guides/submit-oin-app/openidconnect/main/).

* There's a maximum of three app instance variable in the OIN Wizard.

> * RelayState can't be pre-configured in the OIN Wizard. You can set the default relay state value at the app instance level in the app **Sign On** tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* RelayState can't be preconfigured in the OIN Wizard. You can set the default relay state value at the app instance level in the app **Sign On** tab.
```

* The force authentication (`ForceAuthn`) functionality is enabled by default for SAML app instances that were created from an OIN Wizard integration. You can disable force authentication for an app instance by selecting **Disable Force Authentication** in the app **Sign On** tab.

The OIN team maintains existing SAML integrations with advanced features not supported in the OIN Wizard. If you need to update your existing advanced SAML integration, contact the OIN team at <oin@okta.com>.

### SCIM integration limitations

In addition to the general OIN limitations, the following are limitations specific to SCIM integrations:

* You can only submit SCIM 2.0 integrations with the OIN Wizard.

* Integrations with Basic Authentication to the SCIM server aren't supported in the OIN Wizard.

>    > **Note:** You can't update a published SCIM integration with Basic Authentication. This breaks the integration for existing customers. If you need to edit a published integration with Basic Authentication, submit a new SCIM integration that implements header or OAuth 2.0 authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   > **Note:** You can't update a published SCIM integration with basic authentication. This breaks the integration for existing customers. If you need to edit a published integration with basic authentication, submit a new SCIM integration that implements header or OAuth 2.0 authentication.
```

Author: Interesting! Acrolinx suggested capitalization for basic authentication. Is it ok if I request this style change for Acrolinx @susanharper-okta ?

Author: I touched base with @susanharper-okta on this. Since "Basic" is a type of authentication, we'll capitalize that and lowercase the authentication.
I'll make this update along with another instance of this term in a CLI commit.
